Calculate discounts based on the Spot Price (#40)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

| `listPriceWithTax` | `string` | List price value with tax. |
| `taxPercentage` | `string` | Tax percentage. |

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `shouldAlwaysShow` | `boolean` | Whether the product list price should always show | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `shouldAlwaysShow` | `boolean` | Whether the product list price should always be displayed (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |
```

| `savingsWithTax` | `string` | Difference between previous product price and the new one with taxes. |
| `savingsPercentage` | `string` | Percentage of savings. |

> | Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
> | --- | --- | --- | --- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> | `usingSpotPrice` | `boolean` | Calculate discounts based on the Spot Price | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `usingSpotPrice` | `boolean` | Whether the product spot price should be used for discount calculation (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |
```

Author: @guerreirobeatriz I've removed this from Doc, now the prop is on ListPrice component.
